today I have a surprise for you as we
said and this surprise is a new IP in a
new genre and this game couldn't wait
till the end of the show
this game is about the sort of love of
combat and the love of martial combat in
particular I have always believed I have
this deep belief actually the combat is
an art form it's brand new experience
where you will finally live the true
emotion of being behind a weapons in the
close quarter combat
are you a knight are you a Viking are
you a samurai and let you discover what
your inner warrior is like because
that's the whole purpose I'm going to
when a person picks up a weapon right
they become a warrior right so we want
to create that experience in a videogame
context when I say night biking or
samurai I'm not asking you what your
favorite is I'm asking what you value
people who answer samurai tend to value
skill mastery honor right people who
value Viking tend to value freedom and
expression and enthusiasm and
celebration right and people who choose
Knights tend to value culture and
defense and sort of nobility and like
the sort of codes that sort of stuff
right so it really is this statement
about what do you believe in right which
is just incredibly powerful so that's
the basis of the whole thing
first we had a team we had a very strong
team on the Fox team who had been
building some you know experience on on
fighting systems and fighting game and
and then and then we got Jason
Vandenberg Jason had this this game
within himself everything started three
years ago now it's going fast when I met
Jason and at the time he was talking to
me about the game that he dreamed to to
to produce and he was like but I didn't
find a team to do it I was like okay
maybe I know a team that can achieve it
i was at the time with a group of around
12 developers and we sat with Jason and
we explored a teddy a and from that 12
core people we add another 12 to work on
the on the pipelines and you can see now
with three years later we're more than
150 people constantly building over that
foundations but the foundation is pure
we have a lot of veterans who came back
under to Ubisoft or in production to
work on that game I for myself was
presented that project over two years
ago by Jason when they were recruiting a
brand director for the game because i
was helping out for the recruitment and
halfway through I told the guy you can
go now I'm gonna take the job at the
time I was joking but six months later I
was joining the team so it's very
diverse but its passion unites us
the entire focus of the development on
this one has been built around a
breakthrough in the control scheme the
way that it works is very simple you
just have your left stick drives your
character around then you lock on with a
Zelda style lock on the trigger and when
you lock on your right stick gives you
your control of your stances right left
and top stances and that actually moves
the position of your sword we just want
you to have the emotions of combat and
feel like you are really holding that
weapon and that you're really dueling
against the other person the most
important thing to accomplish there is
to get you looking at your enemies
stance and be thinking about what
they're doing and trying to guess and
anticipating what they're doing these
mechanics make that happen what is
really unique what fallen off is that
cough I change Springs it's not broader
experience it's not better meshing it's
not also fighter experience where you
have to memorize all the possible combos
and moves of your opponent it's
something we're in between it's
something that feels and play really
close to the can of emotion that you
will have if you actually fighting there
is no game like that so it's not like we
are doing another fighting game it's
like we are creating something from
scratch that people don't expect but
suddenly as soon as they put their hands
on the pad they say this is the game I
always wanted to play but I couldn't
imagine it I couldn't I couldn't think
of that game before Ubisoft has finally
cracked sword fighting that's what I'd
like to see i'd like to see this is the
sword fighting game we've always wanted
because i think that's what we set out
to build
you